Edits from KB reports (#4305)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/campaign_analytics.md

| Opens | Instances including both Direct Opens and Influenced Opens in which the Braze SDK has determined, using a proprietary algorithm, that a push notification has caused a user to open the app. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

{% alert tip %}

> Even though Direct Opens and Influenced Opens include the word "opens", they're actually different metrics. Direct Opens refer to the direct opening of a push notification, as stated in the table above. Influenced Opens refer to the opening of an app, without opening a push notification within a specific timeframe after receiving it. So, Influence Opens refer to the app opens, not push notification opens.

Reviewer: Metric names should be italicized as per style guide
```suggestion
Even though _Direct Opens_ and _Influenced Opens_ include the word "opens", they're actually different metrics. _Direct Opens_ refers to the direct opening of a push notification, as stated in the table above. _Influenced Opens_ refers to the opening of an app, without opening a push notification within a specific timeframe after receiving it. So, _Influenced Opens_ refers to the app opens, not push notification opens.
```
